This file lists out the features that we need to add.

1. Voting function
Vote if funny/dysfunctional or stupid. Can have the totals show up on the user's profile.

2. Post HTML formatting
The user can edit the HTML formatting in their post.
More advanced: Format is automatically done.

3. Set up flagging system for inappropriate content

4. Establish certain users as moderators

5. Can comment on people's posts

6. Can view either most popular or most recent posts or randoms

7. Translate function

8. Domain-specific email (i.e. gerry@mydysfunctionalworkplace.com)

9. Add an icon image and a logo

10. Submissions go through an 'approval' process first

11. Have the logo say "My Dysfunctional Workplace" if the width is sufficient, if not it shrinks it to "MDW"

12. Terms of Use that must be agreed to before allowing the user to sign in

13. Have a site that lists out signs of a dysfunctional workplace (to help users generate content)

14. On the user's profile, it should show a snippet of their old posts to give more of a summary of their submissions

15. /users/new redirects to /signup

16. 404 is a custom page that redirects back to root

17. Developers dashboard page that shows total number of stories, number of users, etc.

18. Includes Google Analytics

19. Allow for anonymous posting

20. Error messages on sign up screen are in correct order.

21. Users can delete or edit their stories. Admins can edit stories.

22. Similar to how a double-click when creating a user will only process one, set it up so when submitting a story a double-click will only process one.

23. Users can delete their profile and associated stories.
--Done on 6/7/13
--Users cannot delete other users or other user's posts
--Admins can delete other users but not themselves
--Admins can delete other user's posts

24. Users can edit their information inside their view profile page.

25. User profile pages have their username in the title.
--Done
--Completed by providing the username for the page title

26. Site dynamically changes based on the width of the user's device/window (i.e. different views for phone, tablet, laptop, or monitor).

27. iPhone&iPad and/or Droid app

28. More personality on the page. Instead of "Profile updated" for the success of a profile update, it could say something like "Profile now functional. Unlike your job."

29. Cannot see other people's profiles unless you are that user or an admin. For example, if I'm user/2 and not an admin, I can't see user/4's profile.

30. For all tests, write in where and how they were solved. Also explain what it's testing for.

31. If a user deletes their account, they can decide if they want to make all of their posts from "anonymous" or if they want to delete all of their posts.

32. Leaderboard that says who the top 5 posters are by quantity and votes.

33. Contact form sent to us via email or a message checked in the Developers Dashboard. Need a means to respond to them.

34. Can purchase gear like shirts, books, etc.

35. Get some awesome SEO done.

36. Get advertisements.

37. Admin can delete posts
--Done 6/7/13
--Links formatted so only admins and current_user can either delete a profile or posts

38. Easy pop-up for users to sign up. See the second answer on: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12128425/contain-form-within-a-bootstrap-popover

39. Fluid paginate boxes
--Done 6/10/13
--Needed to wrap them in a special class

40. Formatted e-mail automatically pops up when reporting a post